### What are the benefits of using ARM templates?

- ARM templates are declarative, meaning that you specify what you want to deploy, but not how you want to deploy it.
- ARM templates are idempotent, meaning that you can deploy the same template multiple times and get the same result.
- ARM templates are repeatable, meaning that you can deploy the same template over and over again.
- ARM templates are consistent, meaning that you can deploy the same template in different environments and get the same result.
- ARM templates are modular, meaning that you can create reusable templates and combine them to create more complex solutions.
- ARM templates are extensible, meaning that you can use functions to extend the capabilities of ARM templates.
- ARM templates are versionable, meaning that you can use source control to manage changes to your templates.

### What is the Azure Resource Manager?

The Azure Resource Manager is a management layer in Azure that enables you to create, update, and delete resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager provides a consistent management layer that enables you to create, update, and delete resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager also provides a consistent management layer that enables you to manage resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager also provides a consistent management layer that enables you to manage resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager also provides a consistent management layer that enables you to manage resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager also provides a consistent management layer that enables you to manage resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager also provides a consistent management layer that enables you to manage resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager also provides a consistent management layer that enables you to manage resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager also provides a consistent management layer that enables you to manage resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Resource Manager also provides a consistent management layer that enables you to manage resources in your Azure subscription.

### Deploying resources with ARM templates

```bash
templateFile="{provide-the-path-to-the-template-file}"
az deployment group create \
  --name blanktemplate \
  --resource-group myResourceGroup \
  --template-file $templateFile
  --parameters storageAccountType=Standard_LRS
```

### Finding resources with ARM templates

If you know the resource type, you can go directly to it with the following URL format: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/templates/{provider-namespace}/{resource-type}

### List of all resource providers

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/azure-services-resource-providers

### What are the mandatory parameters for an ARM template?

```json
{
  *"$schema": "https://schema.management.azure.com/schemas/2019-04-01/deploymentTemplate.json#",
  *"contentVersion": "1.0.0.1",
  "apiProfile": "",
  "parameters": {},
  "variables": {},
  "functions": [],
  *"resources": [

  ],
  "outputs": {}
}
```

### Parameter types in an ARM template

string
secureString
integers
boolean
object
secureObject
array
